{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14080\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
  <head>\
    <title>Translating Japanese Style</title>\
    <style>\
      h1 \{\
        color: #000000; \
      \}\
      p \{\
        color: #000000; \
      \}\
    \
      .passage-box \{\
        border: 2px solid #FF0000; \
        padding: 15px;            \
        margin: 20px 0;    \
        background-color: #FFE4E1; \
        border-radius: 10px;      \
      \}\
      .passage-title \{\
        font-weight: bold;\
        color: #FF6347; \
        margin-bottom: 10px;\
        font-size: 18px;\
      \}\
      .passage-content \{\
        font-size: 16px;\
        color: #333; \
      \}\
    </style>\
  </head>\
  <body>\
    <h1>Let's Talk About Fashion/Beauty/Lifestyle</h1>\
    <p>by Aeon Levy & Zoe Babbit</p>\
    <p>Passages From It's OK by Hana Oya </p> \
\
    <!-- Adding the passage -->\
    <div class="passage-box">\
      <div class="passage-title">What products or items do you recommend when dealing with rough or damaged skin?\'a0</div>\
      <div class="passage-content">\
        I am often asked this question. I was in high school when I first started modeling, but both sides of my face were covered in acne; it was so bad I had to stop modeling temporarily. Even after that, I still struggled with my skin problems until I was in my mid-twenties.\'a0\
When my skin was at its worst, I would try every product that was said to be good for acne. I would use all types of products on my skin, and it would get better for a while, but right after, it would come back even worse. I was always going between happy and sad. Now, looking back, I think several factors caused this: stress from trying to balance my academic and work life or my very unhealthy teenage eating habits. But, at that time, I was so focused on the visible or surface-level issues that I couldn't approach the deeper part of the problem. My skin only improved when I started training. When I started to exercise, I also began paying attention to what I ate. Therefore, my skin started to improve slowly. I understood for the first time that beauty is built on top of health. \
\
      </div>\
    </div>\
  </body>\
</html>\
}